# Building an AI app with Streamlit + Continual + Snowflake

This is the repository for the tutorial: Building an AI app with Streamlit + Continual + Snowflake. 

In [Part 1](https://continual.ai/post/snowflake-and-continual-quickstart-guide), we connected Continual to Snowflake and created a ML model for predicting whether customers are going to churn. We loaded a simple dataset of customer information, activity, and whether or not they retained as a customer into Snowflake and built a machine learning model to predict the likelihood of a customer churning for a competitor. Customer churn is one of the most important business metrics and often one of the first to be tracked at early-stage, rapidly growing startups. It doesn’t take long before a business has enough of a history of customer churn to begin accurately predicting which customers are most likely to churn next. Continual.ai makes it shockingly easy for modern data teams to make predictions on their customer data using SQL. But making the predictions isn’t enough. Data teams must expose this information with context to business stakeholders. Armed with this intel, go-to-market teams can spring into action and earn their customer’s loyalty. 

In Part 2, we’re going to build a Customer Risk interactive dashboard using Streamlit using the Continual.ai predictions from Part 1. If you haven’t completed Part 1, bookmark this page and go complete [Part 1](https://continual.ai/post/snowflake-and-continual-quickstart-guide). If you don’t feel like following along, feel free to fork the github repo. 
